KZL-557 - Add collection controller csharp (#191)
kuzzleio/documentation-V2: src/sdk-reference/csharp/1/collection/update-specifications/index.md

---
layout: sdk.html.hbs
title: updateSpecifications

> description: Update the validation specifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Updates validation specifications
```

---

# updateSpecifications

> The updateSpecifications method allows you to create or update the validation specifications for one or more index/collection pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates or updates the validation specifications for one or more index/collection pairs.
```
